I"
<p>Rage is an American rap metal band from Los Angeles, California. Their musical style is mainly a fusion of metal and rap, with funk and punk influences. Composed of Zack de la Rocha, Tom Morello, Tim Commerford and Brad Wilk, the group will mark the 1990s until its dissolution in 20009. It was reformed in January 2007 for the Coachella festival6.</p>

<p>Rage Against the Machine is mainly characterized by the rhythm of La Rocha’s signed lyrics, the guitar effects of Morello and the political stances inside and outside the musical sphere (against racism, capitalism and globalization). RATM is known for its many demands and its support for different social and musical protest movements. The group is ranked 48th in the list of “100 best artists of all time” from VH110 and 34th in the list of “50 best groups of all time” from Spin magazine.</p>

<p>RATM’s origins go back to the days when Zack de la Rocha and Tim Commerford went to school. They meet and become friends when the first teaches the other how to steal food from the canteen. Zack de la Rocha cultivated a deep interest in music, which he eventually passed on to his friend Tim, who started playing bass. In addition, Zack de la Rocha frequented the hardcore straight edge scene in Orange County, California, and he began playing the guitar with a group called Hardstance, then founded in 1988 Inside Out in which he sang12. Rage Against the Machine13 is a title written at the time for Inside Out. The decisive departure of Vic DiCara (in guitar) in 1991 deeply disappointed Zack for whom Inside Out was dear, and with gigantic potential. The No Spiritual Surrender demo remains one of the most remarkable contributions of hardcore from the early 1990s, Zack’s voice having never been so intense since Inside Out. He decides to turn the page on hardcore, leaving behind a memorable legacy14.</p>

<p>Meanwhile, Tom Morello, a graduate in political science at Harvard University, plays guitar in Libertyville, Illinois, in various garage rock bands like Electric Sheep, with Tool guitarist Adam Jones. Tom Morello ends up going to Los Angeles, convinced that it is the ideal place to form a real rock band15. In a rap club, he attends a performance by Zack de la Rocha. As soon as he manages to grasp the meaning of the words, Tom Morello immediately subscribes to the ideas they carry. Tom Morello then meets Brad Wilk, who responded to an advertisement that a group was looking for a drummer. Zack de la Rocha calls his old friend Tim Commerford: serious things can begin.</p>
:ET